README.md, before:

👋 Hello

<img alt="bdougie" height="200" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/856858/117973458-561f0480-b324-11eb-97d1-d0f537655c05.jpg">

We are looking for a new Developer Advocate to join our well established and expanding global Developer Relations team
to come and grow with us. This is an ideal role for someone who understands development but is new to DevRel and 
Developer Advocacy.

Application links:
 - [Europe & UK](https://boards.greenhouse.io/github/jobs/3124434)
 - [US & Canada](https://boards.greenhouse.io/github/jobs/3124531)

If this isn't quite the right role for you, don't worry. We have a bunch of other roles open all around the world so [please take a look](https://github.com/careers) if any of those sound interesting and we might still be able to work together.

## What does Developer Relations at GitHub do?
<img alt="mishmanners" width="250" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/856858/117971541-f45d9b00-b321-11eb-86b0-f1ccd1034552.jpg" align="right">

Whether the person is brand new to coding, a maker, a hobbyist, someone working on a personal project, someone contributing to open source, a team launching their first startup or someone working as part of 
a group in a large enterprise - they are a developer and we want to be there to support them and help them make awesome things.  You can check out some of our recent work on [keynotes](https://youtu.be/2m9nUP-e8Co), with the [GitHub Stars](https://stars.github.com/), [short-form video](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0lo9MOBetEFCNnxB1uZcDGcrPO1Jbpz8), [meetups](https://www.meetup.com/pro/github-virtual-meetup/), [live-streams](https://www.twitch.tv/github), [hackathons](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0lo9MOBetEEg5pjcASReSpfbENuhvORw), [social media](https://twitter.com/github/status/1367885997527171073), [TikToks](https://twitter.com/bdougieYO/status/1391776240822939649), [animated-gif goodness](https://twitter.com/github/status/1390382527588798477) and [more](https://twitter.com/github/status/1384130507898720262).
* We're on the ground, serving developers in regions around the world from our position in the core of the product team at GitHub
* Spark creativity and excitement around GitHub, and are always finding new ways to connect with developers
* Help IT people see how new features can make them faster, collaborate better, be more efficient, and more creative
* Connect products teams with the people they need to learn from to make GitHub work better for them - help the org learn
* Keep open source communities up to speed with the latest changes they can take advantage of and help maintainers be even more awesome than they already are.
* Success? That's based on happiness of developers, success of open source and enabling the creativity of our superfans and the community around GitHub.

Now we're seeking a new team member who wants to get started in a career as a Developer Advocate to join our well established and growing global Developer Relations team. 

## What would *you* do?
* __Learn:__ Everything about GitHub and what problems developers are trying to solve so you know how best to communicate with them and advocate for their needs with-in the wider product team. You are not alone in this, you will be joining an established team who are there to coach you, share ideas and work together
* __Teach:__ Develop and deliver interesting and informational content for the global audience of developers. That includes blog posts, interviews, tutorials, short and long form videos, competitions, hackathons, conference presentations and more. 
* __Communicate:__ Serve as a contact point for developers and drive campaigns to promote our programs.
* __Relationship management:__ Build a wide and diverse network amongst the developer community so they know someone they trust inside GitHub to advocate for their needs and you have a diverse network to seek out advice from and to connect to product teams when they are looking for people to give feedback on ideas and plans.
* __Recruit:__ Identify the GitHub power users, the most inspirational open source maintainers and the superfans who might have what it takes to be a GitHub Star.
* __Create Events:__ Organize and participate in online or virtual events, hackathons and manage Q&As.
* __Nurture:__ Communities in open source and communities of engineers across the world that are using GitHub for their collaboration.

## Qualifications: 
- Very strong communication and presentation skills - especially working in a remote team 
- Solid knowledge of coding & testing principles & technical architectures with real-world experience as a developer, SRE or engineer.
- Experience with Git and GitHub.
- Experience in optimizing the use of social media & video channels to present technical content.
- Excellent presentation skills, in person and during live and pre-recorded video.
- Experience presenting on technical topics to audiences with a range of backgrounds.
- Fluent technical English speaking / writing but any additional spoken languages a bonus - especially Spanish, Portugese, Russian, Mandarin or Japanese.

### Who We Are: 
GitHub is the developer company. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, and to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.

**Leadership Principles:**      
Customer Obsessed - Trust by Default - Ship to Learn - Own the Outcome - Growth Mindset - Global Product, Global Team - Anything is Possible - Practice Kindness

**Why You Should Join:**

At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where many Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The rest of our Hubbers work remotely around the globe. Check out an updated list of where we can hire here: https://github.com/about/careers/remote

We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, we think you will too.

GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!

_Please note that benefits vary by country. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Talent Partner._

![martinwoodward](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/856858/117973104-df820700-b323-11eb-8f2a-69a2a7642319.jpg)

Commit message:

Add link to the Security Lab's role also

README.md, after:

👋 Hello

<img alt="bdougie" height="200" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/856858/117973458-561f0480-b324-11eb-97d1-d0f537655c05.jpg">

We are looking for a new Developer Advocate to join our well established and expanding global Developer Relations team
to come and grow with us. This is an ideal role for someone who understands development but is new to DevRel and 
Developer Advocacy.

Application links:
 - [Europe & UK](https://boards.greenhouse.io/github/jobs/3124434)
 - [US & Canada](https://boards.greenhouse.io/github/jobs/3124531)

If this isn't quite the right role for you, don't worry. We have a bunch of other roles open all around the world so [please take a look](https://github.com/careers) if any of those sound interesting and we might still be able to work together. The Security Lab team have [a great role](https://boards.greenhouse.io/github/jobs/3109350) if InfoSec is your jam but there are many others across product, engineering, design and [all across the company](https://boards.greenhouse.io/github/). GitHub has over 65 million developers that we help so there is always work to be done!

## What does Developer Relations at GitHub do?
<img alt="mishmanners" width="250" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/856858/117971541-f45d9b00-b321-11eb-86b0-f1ccd1034552.jpg" align="right">

Whether the person is brand new to coding, a maker, a hobbyist, someone working on a personal project, someone contributing to open source, a team launching their first startup or someone working as part of 
a group in a large enterprise - they are a developer and we want to be there to support them and help them make awesome things.  You can check out some of our recent work on [keynotes](https://youtu.be/2m9nUP-e8Co), with the [GitHub Stars](https://stars.github.com/), [short-form video](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0lo9MOBetEFCNnxB1uZcDGcrPO1Jbpz8), [meetups](https://www.meetup.com/pro/github-virtual-meetup/), [live-streams](https://www.twitch.tv/github), [hackathons](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0lo9MOBetEEg5pjcASReSpfbENuhvORw), [social media](https://twitter.com/github/status/1367885997527171073), [TikToks](https://twitter.com/bdougieYO/status/1391776240822939649), [animated-gif goodness](https://twitter.com/github/status/1390382527588798477) and [more](https://twitter.com/github/status/1384130507898720262).
* We're on the ground, serving developers in regions around the world from our position in the core of the product team at GitHub
* Spark creativity and excitement around GitHub, and are always finding new ways to connect with developers
* Help IT people see how new features can make them faster, collaborate better, be more efficient, and more creative
* Connect products teams with the people they need to learn from to make GitHub work better for them - help the org learn
* Keep open source communities up to speed with the latest changes they can take advantage of and help maintainers be even more awesome than they already are.
* Success? That's based on happiness of developers, success of open source and enabling the creativity of our superfans and the community around GitHub.

Now we're seeking a new team member who wants to get started in a career as a Developer Advocate to join our well established and growing global Developer Relations team. 

## What would *you* do?
* __Learn:__ Everything about GitHub and what problems developers are trying to solve so you know how best to communicate with them and advocate for their needs with-in the wider product team. You are not alone in this, you will be joining an established team who are there to coach you, share ideas and work together
* __Teach:__ Develop and deliver interesting and informational content for the global audience of developers. That includes blog posts, interviews, tutorials, short and long form videos, competitions, hackathons, conference presentations and more. 
* __Communicate:__ Serve as a contact point for developers and drive campaigns to promote our programs.
* __Relationship management:__ Build a wide and diverse network amongst the developer community so they know someone they trust inside GitHub to advocate for their needs and you have a diverse network to seek out advice from and to connect to product teams when they are looking for people to give feedback on ideas and plans.
* __Recruit:__ Identify the GitHub power users, the most inspirational open source maintainers and the superfans who might have what it takes to be a GitHub Star.
* __Create Events:__ Organize and participate in online or virtual events, hackathons and manage Q&As.
* __Nurture:__ Communities in open source and communities of engineers across the world that are using GitHub for their collaboration.

## Qualifications: 
- Very strong communication and presentation skills - especially working in a remote team 
- Solid knowledge of coding & testing principles & technical architectures with real-world experience as a developer, SRE or engineer.
- Experience with Git and GitHub.
- Experience in optimizing the use of social media & video channels to present technical content.
- Excellent presentation skills, in person and during live and pre-recorded video.
- Experience presenting on technical topics to audiences with a range of backgrounds.
- Fluent technical English speaking / writing but any additional spoken languages a bonus - especially Spanish, Portugese, Russian, Mandarin or Japanese.

### Who We Are: 
GitHub is the developer company. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, and to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.

**Leadership Principles:**      
Customer Obsessed - Trust by Default - Ship to Learn - Own the Outcome - Growth Mindset - Global Product, Global Team - Anything is Possible - Practice Kindness

**Why You Should Join:**

At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where many Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The rest of our Hubbers work remotely around the globe. Check out an updated list of where we can hire here: https://github.com/about/careers/remote

We are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, we think you will too.

GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!

_Please note that benefits vary by country. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Talent Partner._

![martinwoodward](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/856858/117973104-df820700-b323-11eb-8f2a-69a2a7642319.jpg)
